In this section we are going to get started with re-act native on our windows development environment.
So if you're running Mac OSX if you're on a Mac right now you can skip this section and go onto the
next one.
If you're on Windows stay here.
You know you can tell because I got the big ole Windows logo on the screen here you know you're in the
right spot if you're in Windows so to speak.
All right let's go and get started.
We need to install a lot of different software so I'm going to be honest with you.
Set up of reac native on Android or excuse me on Windows is a little bit tough because there's a lot
of stuff to install.
So we're going to go through it.
We're going to do our best to install just one thing at a time.
But sometimes it's you know it might save us a little bit to install two things simultaneously because
you know sometimes it's just a long download.
Anyways let's get started.
The first thing I'm going to do is open up my browser and just because I'm on Windows I'm going to use
Internet Explorer.
No reason in particular but I am going to use Google rather than being.
All right so the first thing we're going to install is the java JDK or you know really STK But what
are JDK.
Sure.
This is not a.
So we're going to search for Java SDK.
This is not necessarily a prerequisite for re-act native.
This is really a prerequisite for running Java apps of any type.
Or excuse me Android apps of any type.
So I'm going to search for Java SDK.
And then the first result.
Java Sea dash downloads will go there.
Now on this page there is a very prominent download button to download Java platform JDK.
I'm currently in version 8.
If there is a more recent version no problem go for it.
So we are.
We will download at the next page.
We need to select the operating system that we are downloading this JDK for.
So on the Java as the development kit right here I will first accept the license agreement and then
I will find a selection for Windows 64.
So sure right here let's install it and we get prompted to run this thing.
Yep sounds great.
And again I know we could start off another installation of all these things downloading but I really
wanted to to as much as possible.
Run one thing at a time because otherwise it gets confusing because of just clicking all over the place.
So after the download is finished we all start up the installation
and there we go.
So next I mean you know the deal.
You know the drill.
Next next next next next and we are done with the installation
if you see a destination folder pop up right here that's no problem.
Just click next.
All also.
And finally we are actually installing the library and it should just take a moment or two.
Like I said a moment or two.
There you go.
Fantastic.
So now I've got the Java JDK installed on my system so we'll go ahead and close that.
And we are down step one now.
We still have a lot of steps to go through.
So let's continue going.
The next thing I'm going to install I'm going to first flip back over to Google and I need to go through
the installation of Node.
Yes.
Note Yes.
Is all about running Javascript outside of the browser environment so kind of running it in a desktop
environment dead.
We are installing node for two purposes first because we need to use node to generate our application
bundles that kind of take all the javascript to be right and stuff it down all into one file to serve
up on our mobile device.
And we also use node for package management as well as where we will find just a second.
So after a while I'm going to do a search for node.
I will go click on the link and then you get prompted for a download.
You can either go with the stable download or the current download current version is completely up
to you.
I usually just run with the current version because it has access to all the latest features.
But you know what the heck I'll change things up and go with the current version instead.
So I'm going to download the installer for Windows again Windows 64.
It's a very quick download and.
OK well you know I've already got no word installed here and it's a later version so I guess I already
had 6.6 Sung's get hit OK and kind of be done with it.
Of course if you do not have node installed certainly go through that process again.
So that's it for now.
Very quick install as well.
We're going to move on to one last installation inside this video and then we'll continue in the next
one.
So the last thing we're going to look for is flip back over to Google again.
And the last thing to look for is Python to search for Python 2.
And here's my download link right here download Python Python dot org.
And very promptly we are prompted for download the latest version for Windows we want version 2 of Python
not version 3 version 2.
So I will download Python run it.
And just like node I believe I already have this installed on my system so it might just give me a quick
air but we'll see what we'll see what the result is.
And OK.
Yeah I've already got Python installed so it's prompted me to change repair or move.
If you do not have Python installed again are you going to have to do is hit that next next next and
you're good to go.
OK so I know that I said that this was the last thing we're going to install but there are it's just
one last thing that I want to start up for installation because it's going to save us a lot of time
in the next section.
So again over at Google I'm going to do a search for Android studio download and they're very prominently.
Again you know it's fantastic.
Thank goodness these are all the first links that pop up we find download India Android studio and SDK
tools.
So we'll click on that link and then very prominently on here just a little bit down the page is download
Android studio.
So we'll start this download off.
And as you see this is not an instant download this is 1.6 gigabytes large So there's a lot of stuff
to have to pull in here.
So we will start up the download process for the Android studio and let's continue in the next section
and start installing the Android studio